Remove Latin phrases from the docs (#62419)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/style_guide/index.rst

Headers should be written in sentence case. For example, this section's title is
``Header case``, not ``Header Case`` or ``HEADER CASE``.

> Avoid using latin phrases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid using Latin phrases
```

-------------------------

Latin words and phrases like ``e.g.`` or ``etc.``

> are easily understood by native English speakers and some European who speak English.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are easily understood by English speakers.
```

> They are harder to understand for speakers of Asian languages who speak some English. They are also tricky for automated translation..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They may be harder to understand for others and are also tricky for automated translation.
```

> Latin words/phrases: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following English terms in place of Latin terms or abbreviations: 
```
